Hahaha, God helped us take care of our family.
I didn't expect Yan Shiqing to lose her memory at this time
Baring your teeth is just right to pick peaches
Where is your sister Nuannuan?
Why are you picking peaches?
That worthless thing
That's right.
How are you getting along with misanthropy recently?
Oh forget it
If it weren't for Xiaobao
He wouldn't even talk to me.
Then you have to work harder.
Take him down now
Have a baby
You don't have to raise that little bastard
Mom, do you think I don't want to?
Even if he has amnesia now
Still lukewarm to me
How can I take him you tell me
This woman is almost mean to men
Just like five years ago
I seem to know when you say that.
After inquiring for so many days
Can't find out what's going on
I don't know which ward he is in
Madam Yan's guard against me is really tight
I don't know what's going on now.
You're finally awake.
All because of me
It's all because I don't listen to your explanation.
Are you alright? Is there anything wrong?
Who are you